- [Instructor] This video is for a problem
that we have already seen in one of our videos before.
I'm just going to run through their problem again for you
and then you will fix that problem and then move ahead.
So, let's go to our application this is H+
and if you click on login, click on Register.
Let's say you enter some faulty data,
so that the validations fail and say Submit.
And if you remember,
after the validation messages were displayed,
the gender drop-down was empty.
And we had mentioned about this problem
in that particular video of validations
and we said that we will fix this or address this problem
at a later part of the course.
So now is the time to fix it.
What has happened is that when the error messages
were displayed on the form again,
then the model attribute for this gender fill
was not available.
If you go back to IDE and if you go to a Home Controller,
if you remember, this gender items on line 44,
this model attribute that we have defined
is the one which is bound to the HTML control.
Let's go and look at that, too.
So, if you open the register.jsp
and if you go right down there,
on line number 58 where we have the gender drop-down,
does an item's attribute
that is available on the form taglib of Spring
which is bound with the gender items are released.
Now, that list unfortunately was not available
after the validations run,
because of which on the HTML you do not see those values.
So, you're going to fix this problem. How?
Let's go to the IDE.
As a part of the exception handling
that we did in this module,
we came to know of this @ControllerAdvice annotation.
This is basically advice, a piece of functionality
that can be applied across all controllers.
So, no matter which flow is getting executed.
Whatever you put in this class
annotated with controller advice
will apply to all controllers.
That is what we are going to do now.
So, let's go to the project structure
and inside our controllers let's create a class.
Let's say DefaultModelAttributeController.
The name could be of your choice.
That is something that comes to my mind right now.
So, I'm just going to create that class
and let's annotate it with ControllerAdvice.
And what we are going to do here is
if you remember the Home Controller,
we had these model attributes instantiated
on line 39, 44 and 49.
So, we're going to take this entire code
from line 39 to line 52,
copy it, come to your default model attribute controller
and paste it there.
Once we do that, let's go to Home Controller
and comment this code out.
We do not want this to be in the Home Controller
instead we will write a ControllerAdvice,
so that which ever controller flow execute
all of them will definitely
have these default model attributes available.
And once that is done, let's just go ahead
and build this application.
So, now since it is annotated like this,
it make sure that be in login controller,
home controller, registration controller
or a such controller
anything goes wrong, anywhere
and any of the flows get executed
these model attributes will be available by default.
So, let's run the application now.
Let me go to Home,
let's go to login.
Yah, so you see, the login page got displayed
which means a login being as perfectly picked up.
Let's go to Register new user that is also picked up.
And now, I'm going to make some mistake in the inputs,
so that the validations run, they fail
and then we have error messages, right.
Now, if you see, yes the error messages have displayed
and now you see that the gender drop-down
has got its values.
So, basically what happened is
inside the registration controller
when these validations run,
there was no model attribute made again
to incorporate the gender items.
So, now, in our IDE we did it,
so that it applies to all the controllers
no matter where are you running the flow from.
So, that is one problem that you needed to fix
and we have done that now.